<<<<<<< HEAD
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
=======
CYPRESS (AN INFINEON COMPANY) END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") CAREFULLY BEFORE
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING, OR USING THIS SOFTWARE AND ACCOMPANYING
DOCUMENTATION.  BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE SOFTWARE,
YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL
OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PROMPTLY RETURN AND DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
IF YOU HAVE PURCHASED THIS LICENSE TO THE SOFTWARE, YOUR RIGHT TO RETURN THE
SOFTWARE EXPIRES 30 DAYS AFTER YOUR PURCHASE AND APPLIES ONLY TO THE ORIGINAL
PURCHASER.

1. Definitions.

    "Software" means this software and any accompanying documentation,
      including any upgrades, updates, bug fixes or modified versions provided
      to you by Cypress.

    "Source Code" means software in human-readable form.

    "Binary Code" means the software in binary code form such as object code or
      an executable.

    "Development Tools" means software that is intended to be installed on a
      personal computer and used to create programming code for Firmware,
      Drivers, or Host Applications.  Examples of Development Tools are
      Cypress's PSoC Creator software, Cypress's AIROC SDKs, and Cypress's
      ModusToolbox software.

    "Firmware" means software that executes on a Cypress hardware product.

    "Driver" means software that enables the use of a Cypress hardware product
      on a particular host operating system such as GNU/Linux, Windows, MacOS,
      Android, and iOS.

    "Host Application" means software that executes on a device other than a
      Cypress hardware product in order to program, control, or communicate
      with a Cypress hardware product.

    "inf File" means a hardware setup information file (.inf file) created by
      the Software to allow a Microsoft Windows operating system to install
      the driver for a Cypress hardware product.

2. License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Cypress
Semiconductor Corporation ("Cypress") and its suppliers grant to you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license under their copyright rights:

    a. to use the Development Tools in object code form solely for the purpose
       of creating Firmware, Drivers, Host Applications, and inf Files for
       Cypress hardware products; and

    b. (i) if provided in Source Code form, to copy, modify, and compile the
           Firmware Source Code to create Firmware for execution on a Cypress
           hardware product, and
      (ii) to distribute Firmware in binary code form only, only when
           installed onto a Cypress hardware product; and

    c. (i) if provided in Source Code form, to copy, modify, and compile the
           Driver Source Code to create one or more Drivers to enable the use
           of a Cypress hardware product on a particular host operating
           system, and
      (ii) to distribute the Driver, in binary code form only, only when
           installed on a device that includes the Cypress hardware product
           that the Driver is intended to enable; and

    d. (i) if provided in Source Code form, to copy, modify, and compile the
           Host Application Source Code to create one or more Host
           Applications to program, control, or communicate with a Cypress
           hardware product, and
      (ii) to distribute Host Applications, in binary code form only, only
           when installed on a device that includes a Cypress hardware product
           that the Host Application is intended to program, control, or
           communicate with; and

    e. to freely distribute any inf File.

Any distribution of Software permitted under this Agreement must be made
pursuant to your standard end user license agreement used for your proprietary
(closed source) software products, such end user license agreement to include,
at a minimum, provisions limiting your licensors' liability and prohibiting
reverse engineering of the Software, consistent with such provisions in this
Agreement.

3. Free and Open Source Software.  Portions of the Software may be licensed
under free and/or open source licenses such as the GNU General Public License
or other licenses from third parties ("Third Party Software").  Third Party
Software is subject to the applicable license agreement and not this
Agreement.  If you are entitled to receive the source code from Cypress for
any Third Party Software included with the Software, either the source code
will  be included with the Software or you may obtain the source code at no
charge from
<https://www.infineon.com/cms/en/design-support/software/free-and-open-source-software-foss/>.
The applicable license terms will accompany each source code package.  To
review the license terms applicable to any Third Party Software for which
Cypress is not required to provide you with source code, please see the
Software's installation directory on your computer.

4. Proprietary Rights; Ownership.  The Software, including all intellectual
property rights therein, is and will remain the sole and exclusive property of
Cypress or its suppliers.  Cypress retains ownership of the Source Code and
any compiled version thereof.  Subject to Cypress' ownership of the underlying
Software (including Source Code), you retain ownership of any modifications
you make to the Source Code.  You agree not to remove any Cypress copyright or
other notices from the Source Code and any modifications thereof.  You agree
to keep the Source Code confidential.  Any reproduction, modification,
translation, compilation, or representation of the Source Code except as
permitted in Section 2 ("License") is prohibited without the express written
permission of Cypress.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, you may not:
    (i) modify, adapt, or create derivative works based upon the Software;
   (ii) copy the Software;
  (iii) except and only to the extent explicitly permitted by applicable
        law despite this limitation, decompile, translate, reverse engineer,
        disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to human-readable form;
        or
   (iv) use the Software or any sample code other than for the Purpose.
You hereby covenant that you will not assert any claim that the Software, or
derivative works thereof created by or for Cypress, infringe any intellectual
property right owned or controlled by you

5. No Support.  Cypress may, but is not required to, provide technical support
for the Software.

6. Term and Termination.  This Agreement is effective until terminated, and
either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with or without cause.
This Agreement and your license rights under this Agreement will terminate
immediately without notice from Cypress if you fail to comply with any
provision of this Agreement.  Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of
Software in your possession or control.  The following paragraphs shall
survive any termination of this Agreement: "Free and Open Source Software,"
"Proprietary Rights; Ownership," "Compliance With Law," "Disclaimer,"
"Limitation of Liability," and "General."

7. Compliance With Law.  Each party agrees to comply with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations in connection with its activities under this Agreement.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Software may be subject to export control
laws and regulations of the United States and other countries.  You agree to
comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you
have the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import the
Software.

8. Disclaimer.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CYPRESS
MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THE
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Cypress
reserves the right to make changes to the Software without notice. Cypress
does not assume any liability arising out of the application or use of
Software or any product or circuit described in the Software.  It is the
responsibility of the user of the Software to properly design, program, and
test the functionality and safety of any application made of the Software and
any resulting product.  Cypress does not authorize its Software or products
for use in any products where a malfunction or failure of the Software or
Cypress product may reasonably be expected to result in significant property
damage, injury or death ("High Risk Product").  If you include any Software or
Cypress product in a High Risk Product, you assume all risk of such use and
agree to indemnify Cypress and its suppliers against all liability.  No
computing device can be absolutely secure.  Therefore, despite security
measures implemented in Cypress hardware or software products, Cypress does
not assume any liability arising out of any security breach, such as
unauthorized access to or use of a Cypress product.

9. Limitation of Liability.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL CYPRESS OR ITS SUPPLIERS, RESELLERS, OR DISTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT, OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS
OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF CYPRESS OR ITS SUPPLIERS, RESELLERS, OR
DISTRIBUTORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL CYPRESS' OR ITS SUPPLIERS', RESELLERS', OR DISTRIBUTORS' TOTAL
LIABILITY TO YOU, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR
OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE GREATER OF US$500 OR THE PRICE PAID BY YOU FOR THE
SOFTWARE.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE-STATED
WARRANTY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS
DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES,
ALL OR PORTIONS OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

10. Restricted Rights.  The Software is commercial computer software as that
term is described in 48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014(a)(1).  If the Software is being
acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime
contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights in
Software shall be only those set forth in this Agreement.

11. Personal Information.  You agree that information you provide through your
registration on Cypress IoT Community Forum or other Cypress websites,
including contact information or other personal information, may be collected
and used by Cypress consistent with its Data Privacy Policy
(https://www.infineon.com/cms/en/about-infineon/privacy-policy/), as updated
or revised from time to time, and may be provided to its third party sales
representatives, distributors and other entities conducting sales activities
for Cypress for sales-related and other business purposes.

12. General.  This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each
party's successors and assigns, provided that you may not assign or transfer
this Agreement, in whole or in part, without Cypress' written consent.  This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of California, United States of America, as if performed wholly
within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of
law.  The parties consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction of and venue
in, the state and federal courts within Santa Clara County, California;
provided however, that nothing in this Agreement will limit Cypress' right to
bring legal action in any venue in order to protect or enforce its
intellectual property rights.  No failure of either party to exercise or
enforce any of its rights under this Agreement will act as a waiver of such
rights.  If any portion of this Agreement is found to be void or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding and
replacing any and all prior agreements, communications, and understandings
(both written and oral) regarding such subject matter.  Any notice to Cypress
will be deemed effective when actually received and must be sent to Cypress
Semiconductor Corporation, ATTN: Chief Legal Officer, 198 Champion Court, San
Jose, CA 95134 USA.
>>>>>>> 44a7241 (Added Machine Learning Imagimob MTBML Deploy project)
